Add workaround for minikube configuration of the Helm Broker (#2444)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-brokers/docs/011-configuration-helm-broker.md

 ```bash
 URLS=$(kubectl get -n kyma-system deployment/core-helm-broker --output=jsonpath='{.spec.template.spec.containers[0].env[?(@.name=="APP_REPOSITORY_URLS")].value}')
 
 kubectl set env -n kyma-system deployment/core-helm-broker -e APP_REPOSITORY_URLS="$URLS;http://custom.bundles-repository/bundles.yaml"
 

>  #At the moment there is a bug in Minikube, therefore for local installation you need to manually edit the broker and bump the relistRequests attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # At the moment, there is a bug in Minikube. As a result, for the local installation you need to manually edit the broker and bump the relistRequests attribute.
 
```
